Of course you can't do that, if you

're like Watson, you'll

laugh when you





see such things.  A









lot of questions have piled up among the things you left with. I'm going to



take

some time to answer the questions once.  I work







with a big picture research institute and

there is a separate production team, and



because of the content I do personally, we



don't even accept



graduate students these days.

This

is a time when reports come out from here and there.

So you shouldn't work with college students.

Now, that's why it's

not a joint project. This is

your question. Hello, I



'm a student majoring in architecture at Mirae in China.



Could you please

explain the difference between



architecture and

architectural engineering in detail?









In principle, the Department of Architecture is a

5-year system. In

Korea, the Department of Architecture is a

department that teaches design, and the Department of

Architectural Engineering is a

4-year system.



A lot of people

go to the military, but if you want to design, it's standard theory to take a 5-year program.



Of course, even

after graduating from a 4-year program, if you work in the field for a

longer period of time, you can take the architect test.

But, as far

as I know, that has changed.  I

know it's not possible now.

Also, in the case of Hanyang University, there



were two different departments of architectural engineering and architecture. In the

case of Yonsei University, there

was only architectural engineering when I was in school.  At



that time, there

was no 5-year department,

and it was

taught almost the same as what was taught





in the Department of Architecture.



At first, I belonged to an art school,

so I

taught a lot, mainly in design. Then later, in the

70s, in order to strengthen the science and engineering departments in the country, especially the

engineering colleges, the government



gave a lot of educational

subsidies to the departments belonging to the engineering colleges.  In order to receive it,





I change the department of architecture that belonged to the future at school to the department of architecture in the college of engineering in order to receive the subsidy,

but that

does not change the



academic tradition.

Then,

when I went to Hongdae in 2005, it

was separated into the College of Architecture.



In order to be able to design the curriculum more freely after coming out of the College of Engineering,

the person who said now has a Department of Architecture that belongs to the future.

You said, but it



can be a department that teaches a little more design-centered.

Generally speaking, to

study architectural design, you need to complete a 5-year school,

and if you are in the middle, it

will be a more design-centered school. I

can tell you that.  Next, this



is a question from Hiyung Lee Eung-

nim, professor. I am a sophomore

in the Department of Architecture. I am curious about the

professor's opinion regarding the reconstruction of the Millennium Pilton Hotel, which is a controversial topic in the



architecture world these days.  It





was a great question.

Actually, once we thought about making this on our own, but on



the other hand, the knowledge I know is too short to make it all, so I

couldn't say that. The

Hilton Hotel is the Hilton Hotel in Namsan.

This is

It's a very good building. It was created by an architect named Kim Jong-seong. This

architect, Kim Jong-seong, who is

his

teacher, is famous for his catchy friends. But he

is one of the four major architectural processes.  It









is one of the representative works designed by architect Kim Jong-seong, who learned the brand Respanjello. The Menu Hilton designed by this man







is really a great architecture to go and look at the lobby space on the sidewalk, the stairs going down to the lobby, the fountain, etc.  It's



much better than the big buildings being built next to it. From an architectural point of

view, it's a pity to destroy it.  You











would like to make it into a residential product with good marketability and high value, but

the problem is that if you allow it, there will

be a problem that such architectural heritage will disappear.

The best way to solve the two is to

partially preserve it.



In the Millennium Hilton Hotel, only the façade

is preserved, or only the face and lobby

are preserved, or the more it is



preserved, the more 50% of the building is preserved.







So, the

person who develops the building will also build a new building while preserving the architectural heritage, and





that will be marketable, and only then will

the person who previously owned this building  Even in the 8th generation, it





will be possible to take that into account and get a good price so that there is no damage to property rights. That's why



we need the most important thing. We

'll show you that in the New York episode.





In the case of New York,

those things are applied very flexibly. I

don't know what incentives were given. If it's an important building, I



think we



should give it something like this.  A



lot of modern heritage will be lost, and in a

way, we will

lose a lot of cultural assets that Seoul has.







is very

nicely finished.

All the architecture is neatly built, but the

Renaissance Hotel that was originally there is gone.







While doing so,

they gave them more incentives while making new construction. They



allowed them to build something 20 stories higher than the

current building. Then it would be a different story.  I













think it would be nice if the hotel somehow gave a little more incentive to change the design and make it a good case to activate that kind of thing.  Since the top is





wide and the

top is narrow, I made the cornerstone, but if

smart people

cut it at all, wouldn't it be possible to turn it upside down









?  There is, and



not all trees in Maegok House have branches attached. The tree

trunk goes up and branches come out in the middle, and the trunk goes

up and branches come out.









Aren't they supposed to be thick ones that come out from the bottom? That means



the weight I have to support

increases more and more rapidly as I go down. Fortunately, tree

trunks get thicker as I go down.





It's not that it's getting thicker, it's getting thicker

little by little. So, what that









means is that the force that I have to endure per unit area must be much

harder going downwards.  It's the part that needs to be done. The

rest of the parts just need to transmit the load, and the



bottom part is the part that receives pressure. So, in a way, is that







part the hardest part?  Something

hard happens at the top. Well, that's why





we have to solve it.









There are things that disperse it. In the shape of a tree branch, it

disperses it a little, and

in the end, it becomes a situation where the most load

has to come to the lower part.



But in the case of Japan,

how do I build a shrine?

I've seen it, but the Japanese

new protozoa

build a new one every 20 years. As far as I

remember, when these people look at nature,

living creatures keep dying and being

born again, dying and being born again.  I





build another building and then use it for 20 years and

destroy it again. Next to it,

I take

turns erasing this building, destroying it,

building it, destroying it.









is not going to get a lot of wind from the northwest. After the building is built, then

actually, when you bring the remaining pillars,



pick them out from the forest and bring them as they receive



a lot of wind and rain from the northwest.

Because it came, this

strength was created according to that. Even

when it is transferred as it is, when it encounters similar conditions, it is



less likely to twist or deform with this purpose. I

think it is similar to that lesson.





Anyway, if it's made naturally, it's



right to bring it up and down and use it on the road, and

it's structurally safe and

fits the zero characteristics.  It is said that there will









be more problems than the effect of pulling out a tree and placing it in the southeast and placing a tree growing in the southeast in the northwest.









Suddenly, I was curious and asked a question. I



think one of the famous things in Korea is hanok. If you build a

high-rise building with the unique beauty of hanok,

what shape would it be?





I'm curious,

of course not.

Of all the things I talked about in this Sherlock Hyeon-jun, actually, this is the most important thing I



want you to hear. When I look at architecture,



one of the very important frames is called the

Miracle of Aviation Architecture.







It is a very important key point that compares the characteristics created by the geographical environment between Eastern and Western architecture. I hope you



see that.





It has become a roof-centered architecture. I said that.

Especially in the case of Korea, the

characteristic of Korean architecture is that there are no high-rise buildings.









In the case of housing, it's all shortened

because we

used firewood as an energy source at the time, and you





cook and eat it.  I





couldn't make a ballroom on the second floor, so I deleted all of

them with shortening. Then, since it

rains a lot when viewed from the elevation, the

roof has a steep slope and you

have to drain the rainwater quickly.





It looks like it's a

single-story house. If it's not 2-3 stories,

then if you

take most traditional buildings in Korea, the roof

takes up almost half of it, and the other half is just a

few pillars and that's

it.  It

's what you see But

what happens if you make this 2nd and 3rd floors? The

shape of the roof will be the same.









Because it is so thick,

the roof is that much higher.

Even if it is made of two floors, the sense of proportion is not different. Two at

the bottom and

two on the roof are almost the same.  It's





3m from the beginning to the top.

Then, from the cornerstone at the bottom to this Cheongha, it's

3m. If the

sense of proportion doesn't match more than the old one, it

won't be one-to-one, or it

won't look like a hanok.

Because I know the principle, that Gochang

library.  We designed it, but

even then, it was horizontally long, but

due to the nature of the library building, it had to be

made with

two

floors.



Like architecture, the

method we used is to put one layer of prescription on the roof.













It's okay, because it's a program that ruins books if you come in a lot, so



when you look at it

in terms of proportion, you made the roof and the

elevation part one-to-one,

so it's similar.  When a





small roof is added, the

sense of proportion is very funny, and it

doesn't feel like Korean architecture. And the reason why hanok and

things like this had to come out was

that the shape of the roof had to

come out because of the rain, and because of the light, the

tree system had to be used, etc.

There are reasons, so

the shape came out inevitably, but the



story that only the roof of a high-rise building uses only the roof is the same as

the shape wearing a full suit and only a hat,



so you can see it like this.

Where can I go? It's

like Beijing. You're going. In the 1990s,



when China just opened up and there were a lot of high-rise buildings, a really dumbfounded

public official made a spring.  It's





really







absurd. I sometimes see high-rise buildings with a pavilion-like roof on top.







It's



not a matter of matching metaphysical reasons, it's inevitably

functional, or

it's a humanistic background, or it's a



limitation of the economic, social, and physical system at the time.  You should







n't simply pick up the shells, increase the number of floors, and put a roof on them. I'd





like to tell you that, then everyone, if you're like Watson, you



should be able to laugh at



such a thing.  I

don't even mention it at all. There are really stupid people

and people who demand it.

There must be a local government head. Maybe even now,

we have to be at a level where we can laugh at each other like this



[Music]

[Music]

