[EN] [총, 균, 쇠] 진짜 제대로 이해하려면? 역사와 지리에 대한 통찰, 제레드 다이아몬드의 [총균쇠] 핵심 요약!
We lay a lot of optical cables in the arcade to
create conditions for access to the virtual space, and it
has the
effect of advancing into the bed.  That
oh oh oh yes Hello
everyone in charge I'm
trying it for the first time this time.  The
power of germs This book appears in many newspapers.  This
is the person who received the Kilicha Award for 5 out of 5. In fact, I
don't read that many books.
In the first book, there is a
book called
Modern Physics and Oriental Thoughts written by Preacher Capra, which is probably the first book I read after entering
college. Then, a book called Super Gold by Michio Kaku.
After I started socializing with the book called Total Germs, my
client recommended me to read this book.
First of all, it's a bit rural
like this, really where. Ah, this
is not really the style these days.
There are a lot of letters, so it feels like an advertisement flyer, but it's really
spicy.  This
is the book that implanted that idea in me. For some reason,
among the books I've written,
there is a book called Space Made by Space.
Human history is so vast. It explains the
vast human history very simply.
In a word, the Eurasian continent is
long from east to west, and the African and American
continents are long from north to south. The shapes of the continents are
different.
I know, but this is a handwritten story.
Where did the color of the story come from?  They
conquered all the great Inca civilizations, and
Western civilization is, in a way,
much more advanced than the culture of Asians or Indians. Well, a
big
case is also used when talking about this, but for 2 minutes, that
is a wrong idea again. This
was because of the geographical environment.  The reason is because of the epidemic. They
say this. They
explain everything in the shape of the ground without explaining why the
epidemic occurred.  Because he is the only person, he has traveled all over the world. The
main research subjects
are islands in the Polynesian region. He
also studied minority peoples while taking .
So, how to
interpret it is the Eurasian Continental Movement
Sorok, but the Agricultural Revolution was usually
made around 7000 B.C.  As it
moves to , it
becomes Egyptian civilization, and going east from the Mesopotamia region, it
now spreads to China and India.
Agriculture is the use of seeds that are empirically selected only for special ones. They
fall into the ground and bear fruit, producing thousands
or tens of thousands of seeds.
If not,
these are the species that produce much more fruit, such as rice or neem. We
raise them empirically. When
we say farming, it
seems that there are a lot of varieties, but
in reality, only a few of them are used in our main Shenyang garden.  There
are no changes in wheat,
sorghum, barley, m corn, or
something like that. There are only a few
and only about 10 in a year. What
that means is that choosing such a variety is a
great know-how
and technology in itself, but the technology
spreads.  It can be, but in some cases it
propagates, it
only propagates when the rains are similar. But if you
look at the time of the balloon, the earth is not round. Page
23
You are tilted.  There are
many characteristics of this characteristic earth, but
because of the two features, if the mido is
the same, the temperature is
similar because the angle of incidence of the sun is exactly
fixed.  The
amount of energy from the incoming sun is much larger, so it
becomes a much hotter and hotter region, and the angle of
incidence to the sun gradually
decreases as you go up from there, so when it comes in from the side, the
amount is the same, but because the surface area is large, it
gets colder. So,
depending on the latitude, this temperature varies  I
found the same variety, but if you do it in this east-west
direction, it's at the same
latitude. So I raised one like us in the Potamiya area, but it didn't
do well.  If you
go south from there, something
happens. Suddenly, the
Sahara desert comes out.
So, because farming techniques are
open there, transmission doesn't work, so if you
look at Africa, if you cross the Sahara desert,
you'll come out of the tropical rainforest. That's the area in Congo.
Because the climate is different, the
Sahara Desert is all right in the middle,
so Professor Jared Diamond says that
when they are in the same direction, Europe and
Asia continents we
see as two different regions, but in fact, geographically, they are
called the Eurasian continent, so they are connected all the way.  The
Ural Mountains
cross the middle of Russia and are
usually regarded as the starting point that divides the East and the West, but in the
case of the Eurasia continent, it is
long in the east-west direction, so it
was easy for the technology called the Agricultural Revolution to spread.
So, from Mesopotamia to
Christ  It went from Greece to Rome and
continued to spread.
By the way, as I said, the Eurasian continent
spread to the agricultural side, so it means that
such an institution was created that allowed for a lot of
farming.
It becomes a situation where we have to get more and more
help when we live in the settlement and do farming.
Then, because we get help from livestock, we
use oxen and
don't use a lot to
plow.  We
grow things, get protein from them, and
do these things.
One of the reasons we raise livestock is that we have
something to pass on the dual discipline.  It is
true that it has been of great help to the survival of mankind of various degrees. But the
problem is that when animals and humans
get close to each other, there is a
problem of spreading the
virus.  The
problem was when the virus broke out, it caused a big serious problem when the virus that was in the bat
passed on to the discovered human
From an enemy point of view,
but when the virus crosses over to humans,
there are some things that cause serious problems. Smallpox is a typical example.
Smallpox comes from cattle.  When a
virus that had been neglected while being neglected came over to anthropology,
then a
new strain called smallpox was created and it
killed many people.  The
truth is,
but in a way, many
people died at that time, and only those who survived, especially
those with genetic characteristics that can withstand smallpox and other viral diseases, survived.
So, to some extent, we were centered in this
Asian region, especially Mesopotamia, where the
early agricultural economy was
spread, and some people
had this epidemic to some extent,
so they survived that way.
Yes, Rome is
the same. It
was a kind of survival. It was a diet that was pursued while enduring so many viruses and epidemics.
But what about the American continent?  It
will propagate slowly, so it
was frozen during the ice age in the past,
so people were able to
cross it at that time.  They
lived well, but the problem
is, these people
didn't have agricultural skills when they moved in at the time, and
people moved in during the thrust house period.  That's
why
in the Americas, in fact, there was almost nothing useful as livestock left except for Lana.  Since the
American
continent is long from north to south for people to accept agricultural technology, once they
go north to a cold region and then go down, even
if agricultural technology occurs somewhere, it
changes the rain ritual that can be used as a jumper and the rain system that
can be used as a government.
So quickly acquire agricultural technology.  They
couldn't do it. They
ate most of the animals through hunting and gathering, and then, after
a long period of time, the
Incas had to remain, and these
civilizations had agricultural technology.  Since there was nothing
left except Rana, even if they
had the same agricultural technology there, they
used a lot of livestock and evolved along with the agricultural economy.
Because people who had agriculture did not raise livestock, the
intelligence of the virus 3 that was given to them through livestock was weak.
How many bullets are there and there
are not many people with that gun.
In fact, Spanish Europeans say that
because leather is natural, almost all the Indians in the American continent
were destroyed and all died p.
In fact, the North American
continent  Even when subjugating those Indians, it
seems that people like the cavalry will give them everything, but
in reality, something more than that, for example, giving tab
0 to 2 or giving the
blankets used by these people as a fire to improve the human structure,
or trade like that.  Through this, it
is said that the virus that people in European society had jumped Indian lands and died rapidly as an epidemic. In the end, what
Professor Jared Diamond is talking about is the long east-west
of the Eurasian continent, so the
spread of agriculture was fast, and the
epidemic was spread by using livestock.  Only people with such a strong gene
survived, and because the continents of America and
Africa moved in a north-south direction,
agriculture did not spread faster.
Because they did
n't have it, they couldn't coexist, so in the end, evening lights had to be
vulnerable. So,
when it spread geographically, then, at that
time, the gamers had no
choice but to be devastated.
You explain that I think this philosophy is very
important because
people have no choice but to
go through such thoughts because of the geographical environment of the area where they lived rather than who is superior and conquers whom and
who does not rule.  So,
in this book, there are many other interesting things in the second half of this book.
China continues to remain unified,
and Europe continues to remain divided.
In a way, Europe continues to
fight and divide, and several countries are also
divided, and that's why the shape of the land
is a little unique. For example, the one
in Spain is the Iberian Peninsula.
Compared to other regions in Europe, the Italian peninsula
protrudes like this.
Unlike other regions, the Italian peninsula
is blocked in the north by the
Alps.  It is a
geographical situation. It is
divided into various mountain ranges
and has such a geographical environment,
so it has
been several provincial years.
All those who dominate can comfortably go all the way to the coast.
Then, taking control of the central plains, ''
will become an intellectual environment that can dominate the entire Chinese continent.  It's because the
shape of the land is actually like that. The
person who controls it will be able to recognize almost everything.  It
seems to be advantageous, but there are also disadvantages.
Columbus said that if you
give him a little money, you
can find a way to India sometime in America.  I went to
talk to him more and ended it. I
went and talked to Spain
and talked about eye disease, and then he refused everything.
But he told me not to brag about it, but Columbus spoke Spanish one more time and went to the
queen.  So what
Jaewon Lee is talking about in Dido is that
if Europe was united as one country, if it was
rejected by one king,
it would end.  If only
one of them was ok, we
could eventually find the American dot.
That was the problem with China.
Because China was unified,
it was not as free to go outside as that continent.
The market
alone is enough to make a living,
so we
don't have to go outside. The same is true in Korea. The point that
Korea has k-pop is that there
is no marketability for Korea's 50 million population.
So, in line with the eyes of overseas customs, I
write an English version of the song, write a dance, and
pursue things like that. Because of that, it
is possible to have an overall impact overseas. On the other hand, in the
case of Japan, where the population of 100 million  So even if you
sing only in Japanese and
make dramas and cartoons, they
are centered around Japan.
And it's the same with addiction.  You've
seen 10 times more movie stars than people who say you're a global star in our country. Because the domestic market is huge after birth, so there
's a phenomenon that prevents them from going abroad
more.  It
was an opportunity to cross the target and go to the American continent, and on the other hand,
China was unified as one, so
that was not the case. The reason was that China had
no area with a rounded coastline, so it
was advantageous to unify even one country.  Ida says this
What do you think we should learn from this book? You said that 2 people are now
geographical.
If we interpret it in this direction, I think we can apply it to modern society as it is. What the
two of you are
talking about is only the conditions in the offline space.
In addition, from a global perspective, if the
wisdom learned here is projected into modern society,
I think that we are living in an era where we have to think about
not only the geographical conditions in the offline space but also the
performance conditions in the online space.
For example  In the
case of me, in the early days, we
laid a lot of optical cables to create conditions for access to virtual space.
That can be called a voluntary condition in the online space.
If we didn't do that, it would have the
same effect as not discovering the American continent. In
that way,
in modern society,
there are many different conditions. Professor Jared Diamond  It should
be said that it is a must-learn wisdom, but since two of them are university students, they
have an excellent insight to understand the characteristics of intellectual conditions and
people's behavioral psychology and social
paradigm.
If , for that
to be a premise, you have to constantly observe.
What are my characteristics,
what are the spatial characteristics of modern society, and what are
our geographical characteristics?
Yes, I think it is the first button to apply the wisdom of the contemporary society.
That was it. I only figured out
in 2002 that the East and the West
have very different characteristics.
No matter how separate the world and the West are,
why time has such a different character, I
couldn't figure out the root cause.  The
influence of climate is what
determines the characteristics of architecture in the end, so why do I
start with precipitation when I explain the characteristics of Eastern and Western architecture?  In order
to become a torrential rain, the soil has a
West Coast oceanic climate where it rains evenly throughout the year.
Starting with these things, it
is actually a concept inspired by total germination.  I
can't live in a house, but how do I live in a place with 3 lights?
Which one
should I use that is light?
Lee Jung-gyu is the book that gave me some inspiration to make such inferences about these things. I
think it can be said that it had a great influence on my way of thinking in that respect.  The
intellectual environment of thinking broadly
is a spatial environment. If this is narrower and
microscopic, then
what effect such a narrow architectural space
will have on people, you can go even further there.
And  If we go
further, how will a
new space, a new variable called virtual space,
affect the society that comes to people?  It's a
famous midnight book among the brick books. We
briefly talked about a book called Total Germs.
Next time, I'll introduce another
book that inspired me a lot.